Let me tell you my favourite story.

So a few years back my family lived abroad and bought this little piece of land to put horses on. Things are great for a few months until we notice that some of our horses are getting weird cuts on their bellies/sides. We figured it was either wild dogs or coyotes attacking the horses so, being the avid hunter that I am, I opted to stay out one night and try and scare the dogs away. Excellent plan, no? 

Around 3 am I see a small-ish four-legged shape leap across the fence from the pasture beside ours. I can't tell what it is (kinda dark out) and I don't want to turn on the light (might bring it towards me) so I tapped my latent Splinter Cell skills and ninja'd towards the animal. I get about 20 yards from it before it sees me and charges. At this point I realise that I'm facing down one very pissed off Billy goat. He hits me square in the chest and I get sent flying back to land hard on my ass. I had a small pistol with me (just in case), and when I hit the ground I clenched too hard and it went off. Fortunately, it wasn't pointed at me. Unfortunately, it was pointed dead between the goat's eyes. As I sat there, stunned and staring at the bloodied mess in front of me, I hear a door slam and see a man rushing over from the barn of the pasture the goat came from. 

Disbelief turns to displeasure, and then rage that this jackwad let some maniac hellspawn run rampant and attack our horses and myself. I get up, grab the goat's remains and drag it behind me. I was definitely ready for a fight. As the man got closer I realised I faced a giant. Once we were face to face, I got halfway through an angry sentence before I realised who exactly I was talking to. 

THE George Foreman. I shut up right quick, or at least tried. He took a look at the scene and at me, put his arm around my shoulder and steered me towards the barn. Normally, this is where I would die. Actually, he made hot cocoa and coaxed the story out of me between my stammering. Turns out he owned the property next to ours and knew the goat was crazy and had been meaning to catch It and lock it up for some time. As an apology, he payed the vet bills for the horses, payed for a doctor to check me for any internal injury, and gave me a George Foreman grill after it was all said and done. Really, he's quite a nice guy.