This reminds of an old story...

About 6 years ago or so right around the time WoW came out, I had saved up enough money to buy a new car. I spent some time looking over all of the cars available and I wanted something with a low monthly payment. My neighbor worked at the local Mazda dealer and she had recently bought a new Mazda 6 so I decided to go look there. I decided on a Mazda 3 however since I loved the way it looked both inside and out, it could play mp3 cds in the dealer stereo, and it got good gas mileage (I drove an hour each way to work).

Bought the car, waited for them to install the spoiler on the back (not a huge one, the car looked weird without it) and then took it home. After a few days I was so happy with the car. It was great. Then one day everything went bad.

My buddies were coming over to do some drinking. I hadn't been out of the house all day but when he got there we needed to make a booze run. We took my car, got back, my other buddy got there too.

2 bottles of Boone's Farm later I was pretty drunk. Around 3:30am there was this explosion. We all looked at each other not knowing what it was. We figured it was a truck going by or something. Then the smoke detector went off. This time I got up, walked around the kitchen and looked down the laundry room hallway where I saw fire coming out from underneath and the sides of the door to my garage. I freaked out immediately, and all I could muster was "guys, we gotta get the hell outta here now!" My one buddy and I ran out of the condo shoeless and jacketless in order to get all of my neighbours out of their condos in case the fire spread. My other friend was smarter and grabbed his jacket and shoes.

I called 112, the cops and the firetrucks came. By this time the entire complex was out it seemed. I came around the garage just in time to see the car explode into a massive fireball. Still shoeless and jacketless, a neighbour I didn't even know brought out some shoes and a jacket for my one friend and I.

The next day I went to look, and the condo was toast. The entire garage and hallway leading inside were completely destroyed. The rest of the place had smoke damage throughout, and there was a puddle of water where my floor used to be. Everything I owned was boxed and taken to a cleaning facility to be detoxed. The company that was hired to rebuild the place did everything in their power to repair my condo with sub-builder's grade materials and I had to fight them at every turn. I spent more time at work calling around to get things done than I did working. I literally had nothing for the 8 months I lived with my folks except a leaky air mattress I borrowed from someone, my computer, my clothing, and my GBA.

Mazda tried to blame the explosion on my friends and I, and we had to talk to all these lawyers and stuff. It took years to get back all the money from the stuff I lost, and some of my stuff came up missing afterwards.
Here's a picture: http://i.imgur.com/Qo1MK.jpg