Let me tell you a story.

My fiancé and I had talked about getting a pet. Growing up, I had only had cats. As an adult, I am highly allergic to them, so I we decided a dog would be best. I had no idea if I would even like having a dog since I had never even played with one.

I read up on caring for dogs, and was super stoked that our town was going to have a Pet Expo soon. We went to it, hoping to get some info about breeds, adoption, supplies, etc.
The Expo turned out to be pretty unhelpful as most of the vendors were selling dog clothes and treats. As we were leaving I noticed that there were a couple of booths on the outskirts of the expo that we missed. As we walked toward them, I saw that one had a couple of brown-ish dogs. The smaller of the two really caught my eye. He was just the most perfect puppy I had ever seen - he was brindled, and his fur looked like a brown tiger pelt. Long, graceful legs, a big ruff, and a sharp face and ears like a fox's. His big brown eyes were full of intelligence. I talked to the woman running the booth and found out that they were a non-profit rescue organization run solely by volunteers. She informed us that only the larger of the two dogs was available for adoption. I petted the little guy for a bit and left, but I found myself thinking about him a lot over the next few weeks. I hoped I would be able to find one like him when we were ready to adopt.

I spent the next few months preparing to get a dog - renegotiating the lease to allow for a pet, getting supplies, researching foods, reading up on healthcare and first aid. Finally we were ready to find a dog to adopt. We went to humane society and struck out week after week. I just could not find a good match - none of the dogs felt like they would fit our little family.
One day, after yet another disappointing day at the Humane Society, I was half-heartedly browsing Craigslist's pet ads when I saw that there was an adoption event a few towns away. We went, expecting to be disappointed.

Sure enough, the dogs at the event were not much better. Too energetic, too small, too big, too loud. I gave up, and had started walking back to the car, when a white van pulled into the parking lot. My husband said we should stick around just in case the van was bringing more dogs. Sure enough, the driver got out and let out a single little brown dog. I immediately started walking toward the van, parked about 100 feet away. My heart knew well before my brain could register that I recognized that dog. As I walked faster and faster to the van, I remembered where I had seen him before. I shouted to my husband, "It's him! It's my dog!".

It turns out that he was the dog from the expo, and the last of his litter to find a home. No one else wanted him because he was shy and looked unusual. I thought he was beautiful. Within the hour he was buckled up in the backseat in his doggie seatbelt on his way to his new home.